a political coup for the president of
chile michelle bachelet sebastián
davalos bachelet son of the president
he was forced to resign this afternoon to
his position as sociocultural director of the
Palace of the currency after being
involved in an alleged scandal
influence peddling is accused by the
acquisition of land with profits
close to 5 million dollars in
santiago de chile is our
Permanent journalist with Juan Pablo
monsalve who has information juan
pablos good night
however such sighted NTN24
effectively this afternoon at the palace
of the coin sebastián davalos bachelet
submitted his resignation to the director position
sociocultural of the government after this
scandal in which he was involved
and where it was signaled traffic of
influences to acquire land in
an operation that would have generated
about 5 million dollars of
utility davalos bachelet asked for forgiveness
the Chilean government also asked for forgiveness
to the whole country but insisted that no
incurred no illegality
after a week of tension and silence in
the palace of the coin finally
sebastián davalos bachelet and ccoo de la
President Michelle Bachelet put an end to
his participation in government at
present his resignation as director
sociocultural of the administration then
of accusations against him
presumed traffic of influences for
acquire land in the center of the country
operation that would have generated
important dividends is due to the
previous that I have no more to ask
humbly sorry for this bitter
I also understand that this for
some might not be enough and it's
due to the previous thing that decided to give a
step aside and give up my position
director of his cultural residence
davalos bachelet publicly acknowledged
that this scandal affected so
direct to the image of the president and
also the socialist government
categorically rejected the publication
of false information regarding
supposed comments made by me
another member of my family which
harm the honor of this one and I assume that
the damage caused has damaged the
President of the Republic and the Government of
chile the son of the president assured
that did not perform any operation
fraudulent and rejected the accusations
against him that convulsed the
last eight days the political environment
of the country I have not committed any illicit
official as some media have
suggested it is necessary to point out that in
position in which I find myself is at
less uncomfortable because I have been criticized
openly for working in the state and
I have also been criticized for working
in the private sector I understand the
malaise that has generated this situation
the announcement comes after leaders
both the ruling party and the
opposition requested the resignation of
give them and demand the firstborn of
the head of state who clarifies the
circumstances in which the
operation that would have allowed
get profits close to 5
millions of dollars while the government
from President Michelle Bachelet of a
through their spokespersons, they valued this
decision the opposition ensures that it is not
enough and that davalos bachelet should
deliver the necessary explanations of
this operation to the authorities
competent is the information that is
generates so far from santiago de
chile- continue with more in
our international news center
good night